Genre:
Scrolling Shooter

Name:
Food Fight!
It's time to do the thing you've always wanted to do...throw food at things

Goal:
The first level involves a main character with food being "thrown" (scrolling left) at random heights. 
The player must stop the flying food by throwing their own food at it. If the player is hit by the food 
3 times, it is Game Over. If the player can successfully hit 10 food objects, they are taken to the boss 
level. The boss level involves a wall of 3 kids, each with 3 lives, that are simultaneously throwing food 
aimed at the center of the player. Once all 3 kids have been eliminated, the game as been won.
The player starts off with 3 lives, and those lives are replenished to 3 when the boss level is reached.

Basic Mechanics:
The main player can only scroll up or down. Pressing space will 
allow the player to throw their own food.
	Cheats:
		Pressing S will create a shield to protect you from flying food for 6-ish seconds.
		Pressing Z will complete level 1 for you and take you to the boss level after the splash screen is exited.
		Pressing X will win the boss level for you, but only if you are on the boss level.
Level 1 involves food scrolling at a random height and flying only on a horizontal line.
The Boss level involves kids that are throwing food, but the food is aiming towards where the player
was at that point in time. It is a little harder for the player to escape fire, but at the same time the 
food is moving a bit more slowly
(3px at a time instead of 5px in level 1) so it is not impossible.
The score is computed by how many thrown foods you hit in addition to how many times you hit the enemy. 
Food hits are 1 point and enemy hits are 3 points. Higher scores are better.

Levels/Modes:
The regular, original level only involves respawning food scrolling at a fixed speed 
from right to left. Once it is hit by the player's weapon, it is eliminated. The second, 
Boss level is different because it doesn't involve scrolling enemies, but rather a vertical line 
of fixed enemies that have 3 lives each. In addition, these new boss enemies have shooting 
capabilities (that aim for the player) whereas in the first level, the scrolling food itself is the weapon and they
travel only in a horizontal line.

Adding Features:
Almost all of my constants are easily customizable because I put them at the top of each class as a final variable.
Because of this, they are very easy to edit and suit to your own needs.

Design Choices:
In this project, I could have spent a lot of time developing the graphics and animation, but I chose to spend
my time getting the game functional and up to speed with what the project calls for, and then worked on my code.
I wouldn't say I'm an expert coder, so it took me more than half the time I spent working on this project
simply refactoring my code. While it took a lot of time, I think I made a lot of progress and learned a lot
about how to change my own coding habits.